# Programmatic Similiarity Checker

Based on the work of CheckSim, this project is not a novel
implementation of any similarity checking algorithm. Rather this
project is an attempt to create a simplified, and generic, user
interface to existing algorithms.

## Barriers

Specifically, there are several barriers to entry that exist for
faculty members attempting to ensure academic integrity by using
automated detection algorithms.

1. Complexity
2. Accesibility
3. Legality
4. Reliability

### Complexity



### Accesibility

### Legality



### Reliability

Since 1997, MOSS has been the defacto standard for software
similarity testing. As a SASS product, users are dependent on the
server's reliability. Unfortunately, the MOSS server is *often*
unavavailable. Further, as a free product, one can hardly hold its maintainers
accountable for their charitable system not being available at any
given moment.

Unfortunately, for faculty looking to develop a consistent workflow,
reliability is paramount.

We overcome this issue in two ways. Firstly, by removing the server
side processing, hosting requirements are reduced, allowing for
high-reliability static hosting services such as "GitLab Pages" to be
used. Further, by not having any server-side requirements, the user
only need rely on their own computer and browser: the ability to
execute a check is as reliable as the ability to access a webpage.

## Solution

# How to Cheat

In particular, I would not use this project as a reference since I
cannot speak to the effectiveness of *any* algorithm. This project
does not include any studies into the effectiveness of any particular
algorithm, nor any research into what makes an effective algorithm.

If you are attempting to study this in an effort to avoid being
identified as having your work be similar to someone else's, I
suggest the following:

[How to Cheat in Computer Science 101](https://github.com/genchang1234/How-to-cheat-in-computer-science-101)

